  There was a woman who loved the game show Jeopardy and she
watched it every night.  While it was on one night her husband
was in the kitchen making tea and he dropped the pot on his foot
and yelled "Jesus Christ".  From the other room his wife yelled
back "Who is the son of God?"

Vegetarians eat vegetables; I'm a humanitarian

"Socrates died from an overdose of wedlock."

Hear about the man who was half Japanese and half Negro?
Every December 7th he attacks Pearl Bailey!

Nostalgia isn't what it used to be!

Harry Sharp finally developed a way to clone human beings.   To test it,
he made a duplicate of himself, and took the duplicate before a board of
peers.   However, Harry's system had some bugs.   At the review, Harry,
asked his duplicate to recite the method of cloning for the board, upon
which the duplicate recited the most foul string of obscenities ever
heard.   Haarry was aghast, and struck the duplicate, causing it to fall
to it's death from the 5th floor room they were in.   Harry was arrested
and charged with making an obscene clone fall.

Bob had been out diving off the Florida Keys for days looking for sunken
treasure, but had had no luck.   One day, while wading back onto the
beach, he tripped over a chest filled with diamonds, rubies, and
emeralds!   Bob was heard to say as he carried the chest away, "Well it
just goes to show you that booty is only shin deep!"

How many women do you know that you CAN trust?!?!
One.  She is not born yet and her mother is dead.

I used to make a lot of puns about autos.
Hood ever believe you'd get such mileage from them?
You could have fueled me!

I used to invite this gal to my apartment to help me make
hamburgers.
I called her my grille friend!

"Get the point?," he said sharply!

WARNING! SAFESEX.ZIP is a Trojan

A student at Boston University wavered for some time between
a career as a proctologist or a job as a barber. He eventually
flipped a coin to see how it came out; heads... or tails.

After his classroom had been remodeled, the college professor
was heard mooning about, missing the good old dais.

A young man returned from a dance at a coastal resort. He was
sporting a huge black eye. When asked if he had run into a door,
he replied he had been struck by the beauty of the place.

Similar story deals with the two Ukrainians (Canadian version
of Polack) who had hired on at the telephone company. The foreman sent
them out into the pole yard to see how high the poles stacked there
were. After they had been gone for 15 minutes, he went out to see
what was causing the delay. One of them was holding a pole upright
in his arms, while his parter was up the pole in his climbing irons,
with a measuring tape in has hands. "What the hell are you two doing?
he asked. "Measure them on the ground!" The guy holding the pole turned
and said, "You said measure how high, not how long!"

BIT: A word used to describe computers, as in 'Our son's computer cost quite a bit.'

Help save our trees.  Eat a Beaver.

How many Country Musicians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Two.  One to change the bulb, the other to write a song about how good
the old light bulb was.

Help! My keyboard is stuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk